Add a link to the discord in the readme (#882)
pokeclicker/pokeclicker: README.md

> You can try out the current state at https://pokeclicker.github.io/pokeclicker/

Reviewer: Would you mind updating the link while you're in here?
```suggestion
You can try out the current state at https://www.pokeclicker.com/
```
